Add info about available Matcher algorithms (#703)
SUSE/doc-susemanager: modules/administration/pages/content-lifecycle.adoc

No package dependency solving is done on content filtering.
====

> Depending on the Filter Type multiple ``Matchers`` are available. There exists:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are multiple matchers you can use with the filter.
Which ones are available will depend on the filter type you choose.
The full list is:
```

* contains

> * matches (regexp)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* matches (must take the form of a regular expression)
```
